# Intro

Welcome to our rights and terms page, in the interest of making the TOS more understandable I provide both a plain english
version and legally binding (legalese) version. I suggest you read both of them.

The plain english version is not canon (official) and should only be used to supplement your understanding of the legally
binding terms on this page. The plain english version can be found here and the legal version begins on this page following
the end of this sentence.

# Legally Binding Terms of Use and Service.

By using the Design BreakDown, LLC website, any of its sub-sites, services or products, you signify that you have read,
understood, and that you agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.

# Licensing.

Design BreakDown, LLC products which include, but are not limited to, themes, templates, and extensions are released under a
variety of different licenses and terms. By using a Design BreakDown, LLC product you agree to read and abide by the usage
terms and licenses of that specific product.

# Updates.

Updates are available upon the purchase of a product and as long as the product is still supported by Design BreakDown, LLC.
Updates are also available to subscribers whose subscription terms include access to that specific product and whilst there
subscription is active. Design BreakDown, LLC reserves the right to stop supporting a product and end its life-span with no
prior notice.

# Support.

Individual purchasers are granted support for their purchased product for the duration of the product's life-span. A
product's life-span is determined solely at our discretion and any product may be discontinued at any time with no prior
notice. Design BreakDown, LLC provides support only through the Design BreakDown forums. Please note Design BreakDown, LLC
does not provide support through phone or e-mail.

Support hours are Monday to Friday 9 am to 5pm PST any support request posted within these hours should be responded to
within 24 hours. Any support request made off hours should be responded to within 48 hours.

# Refunds.

Due to the intangible nature of the products that are sold on DesignBreakDown we are unable to offer any refunds.

# Delivery.

You should receive an subscription activation notice within minutes of receiving your paypal (or other merchant) payment
receipt. This may however, take up to an hour. If you subscription has not been activated with a hour then notify us by
sending an e-mail. After you receive an activation notice you'll then be able to access your purchased products by logging
into the user site at http://me.designbreakdown.com

# Content Ownership.

All publicly accessible textual content (i.e accessible without a username or password) authored by Design BreakDown, LLC or
Ken Erickson is licensed under Creative Commons 3.0 Non-commercial Share Alike license. Any textual content authored by
someone other than Design BreakDown, LLC or Ken Erickson is copyrighted by their respective authors.

All submissions to Design BreakDown, LLC and services to our site, unless stated otherwise, remain under the ownership of
their respective copyright holders and or authors. By submitting content to this site or any other Design BreakDown LLC site
you agree to grant Design BreakDown limited usage rights to display it in locations where it would be reasonable to expect
that content to show.

# Site Content.

You agree not to submit content that is is unlawful, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, racist, homophobic, likely to offend,
designed to harass or threaten someone's privacy. Whether or not content fits the above description will be determined at the
sole discretion of Design BreakDown, LLC. If content is deemed to fall under the above description Design BreakDown, LLC
reserves the right to immediately terminate your account and revoke access to all Design BreakDown sites and services.

# Guarantees.

All products and services are provided to you 'as is' with no guarantees or warrantees whatsoever. We cannot guarantee that
our products will function with all 3rd party, plugins, themes, extensions, templates, or web browsers etc.

In no event shall Design BreakDown, LLC be liable for any damages including, but not limited to, direct, indirect, incidental
or consequential damages or any other loss or losses resulting due to the use or inability to use our products.

# Misc.

All rights not granted to you by this agreement are reserved by Design BreakDown. We explicitly reserve the right to change
this agreement at any time and at our sole discretion.