The following is not legally binding on you nor Design BreakDown, LLC. It is here simple as a supplement to legal TOS so that
you can better understand how I operate Design BreakDown.

# Licensing.

I release a variety of template and theme ports from other platforms in addition to using a variety of libraries, classes,
and resources from other developers. This essentially means that there is no consistent license across my products and you'll
find stuff released under everything form MIT licenses to WTFPL. However, I do stick to open source licenses and never use
proprietary release terms. I feel that freedom in general has room for variety of release styles and communities and limiting
myself to GPL only would only hurt both me and my users.

# Updates.

Updates are provided to subscribers for the duration of their subscription. Purchasers of a product receive support for their
product for life or until I stop distributing the product. You can expect plenty of notice when I decide to drop support for
a product. Unless of course the product relies upon a 3rd party that suddenly does something crazy or seriously unexpected.
Like breaking their code and then dropping their product or dropping dead. I try to choose 3rd party stuff carefully to avoid
such extreme situations from occurring but you never know, strange and unexpected stuff happens.

# Refunds.

I do my best to make my users happy even when they leave, if you'd like a refund send me e-mail and we will discuss it.

# Support.

Tuesday to Friday I'm really on top of things and should respond to most support requests within a few hours. If I'm being
unrepsonsive feel free to checkup up on me on Twitter to see if I'm around. Don't ask for support on Twitter though, because
I don't give support there. Twitter is just an especially good place to keep tabs on each other, ask the government they use
it I'm sure hehe.

I'm a no work on weekend kind of person and you can expect most replies to take a good 24-48 hours then. I'm usually online
on the weekend though so if its an emergency you should still see a good response time of hours.

# Content Ownership.

I'm pretty open to commercial use of my written work I just like to be on it so to speak. So feel free to drop me a e-mail
and ask me about any commercial usage of my words.

# Site Content.

Honestly I'm a really laid-back guy and really don't care much about content. My only real rules are keep it SFW (safe for
work) and never act with malicious towards another. If you act friendly and follow the golden rule we should get along just
fine and you should get along with the other users just fine. Remember tone is very difficult to portray properly in written
form, so when in doubt its best just to remove possibly offensive language.

# Guarantees.

I try to make sure my products and up to date and as compatible as possible. They should nearly always work with the latest
version of their platform CMS and with the latest versions of supported 3rd party extensions. If things are breaking (and not
in a good learning something kind of way) then be sure to head over to the forums and report the issue.

My Joomla products are developed to work with Joomla! 1.5.x, my Drupal products with 6x and my WordPress products with
WordPress 3.0x. I'll be beta testing Joomla 1.6x products soon.