
One thing i've learned and observed over the years is that users need direction for an idea to take hold and for them to actually start using the technology. Micro-blogging occurred because of a few simple but very powerful changes; the most profound being the addition(or the subtraction of title, body, and summary fields -- however you prefer to look at it) of a simple and singular field limited to 150 characters, with the instructions "Tell us what your doing". No change in tools happened, no advances in technology, nothing of anything significance really happened. All they did was give users a new field and some simple direction. Stripping out complexity, simplifying the process for users, and then giving a little direction can have very profound results. Blogging itself was also possible long before blogging became popular, it took the idea of blogging presented in a direct fashion for the idea to take hold. 

Twitter spread so fast because it took an idea few thought about (which even fewer executed) and made it damn simple. It was simple for both users to get and for them to explain it to others. One of the biggest things startups miss is their users ability to spread something. The reality is a startup has a limited range where they can spread and share an idea directly to users, from observation and experience -- it's usually a few 100K to a few million depending on the sites genre. It's critical that those users, the one's seeking out new startups, new tools. and new ideas; are able to explain it to their friends, family, co-workers, acquaintances etc on their own and with no effort. 

To paraphrase a marketer friend of mine "If you cant explain it to a chicken in one sentence or less, then your idea is already doomed."

This is the main reason why services like Plurk are failing to take hold, their idea of timelines + journals is excellent but horribly executed. Users have no idea how to use their timelines, their response is usually along the lines of "Yeah, thats cool but why don't I just use Twitter?". If Plurk designed their interface around the concept of keeping a journal and started adding features while keeping that in mind, they would be doing allot better. 

Tumblr has done a great job of creating a developer/themer platform for micro-blogging but not enough work to direct users on ways they can use Tumblr. I've observed a interesting phenomenon at Tumblr, one where the theme developers and popular Tumblelogs almost direct user blogging trends; the way they blog and how they present their information.