I apologize for my lengthy comment, I get off on a writing spree sometimes and it just doesn't stop.

The biggest education fallacy of modern times is that more knowledge is better. We've all been trained to value information
absorption over mastery.

As life long competitor in mental sports (chess, poker and draughts. And yes, several variants of draughts are played
competitively :) ) my major leap in playing strength came when I begin to realize that the fundamentals are what really
matters. Mastery does not come through some accumulation of a huge library of knowledge, but through an increased grasping of
the fundamentals. The great chess grandmaster Emanuel Lasker once reflected on his rise to world champion and said his
increase in strength came from forgetting more than half of what he had learned.

The knowledge you pack on doesn't help increase your skill it just serves to convolute and confuse the mind, making mastery
harder. Eastern philosophers might call this muddying the waters of flow.

There can be the urge to absorb every new design article that pops up in hopes of learning more. But I can tell you now, that
there are no subjects this world that require you to master more knowledge than can fit in a pocket sized book. If you feel
your skills are lacking its probably not due to a lack of knowledge but rather a lack of mastery over the knowledge that you
do have. It may seem like masters of a subject have a much greater library of knowledge than you do but I can assure you they
don't.

Increasing mastery of the fundamentals is the only way to get better at anything. It may seem that those tip articles are
improving your skills by some magical increase of knowledge; but really what is happening is that these articles are
catalysts that help you master fundamentals. However, they are the worst catalyst possible.

Learning to master things varies from person to person, from learning style to learning style, but the basic tenant "know
thyself" applies universally to all. Learn how you learn and the roads to mastery of anything will become clear to you. Once
you understand you, teaching yourself will become much clearer and easier.

In every subject there is a ton of fluff that results because of differing learning styles; learn by example books,
workbooks, screencasts, audio books, conferences, blogs, documentation and on and on. They are all methods of trying to make
fundamentals click and finally become clear. Everyone is trying to sell their own way of learning, the key to learning well
is discovering what cocktail of learning methods work for you.

So all I can say is stop trying to absorb everything "new" that popups and focus on the little things. Just stop following
and subscribing to everything, its not helping in fact its probably hurting you. If your a designer then study typography and
design fundamentals again and again and again. If your a developer pick a programming pearls book and go over the design
patterns again and again and again.

You may be saying to yourself "well turning off is fine for learning, but what about new technology? I don't want to miss new
tech coming out", all I can say is that if a new tech really matters then you'll hear about it eventually. Most technology
builds hype and then disappears, very few new bits of technology ever become relevant. Think about all the time you've wasted
following and reading about new tech, take google wave for instance.

Follow the big guys relevant in your subjects and let the other blogs be, if something new matters eventually the bigger guys
will cover it.

I highly recommend The Art Of Learning by Josh Waitzkin http://www.amzn.com/0743277457