Ready Set Go.

Why is that creatives can never press the publish button? Some would say its a drive for perfection, I think that assumption
although close is not quite right.

As creatives we

I'm going to go back to chess which although seen by some as a mathematical game its more art mixed with math. Its creativity
from cold hearted principles induced. In many ways its like design. In chess your personality speaks through rules,
principles & cold hearted calculation. To good in design one must folow principles and be creative its much the same in
chess.

In chess

“Perfection is spelled p-a-r-a-l-y-s-i-s.”

The was once an a study done oe

In any creative fields we are left with so many choices no matter how many grids we set down, no matter how many wireframes
we create were still left with the inevitable need to choose.

So we play, we mess around until we find something thats fits our choice. But what happens when emotions detryo the ability
to find a fit. You're your own worst designer is a commonly use phrase, and its oh soo so true.

I think here its that we seek perfection but rather satisfaction, the feeling of accomplishment. We're really victim of the
idea that we might miss out, that our design wont be good enough to meet our goals.

So we pursue, so we push ahed

One thing that i've discover about designers (lets call thme more active) is that they're are far more satisfied by the
process of creation than I am. I'm an extremely productive developer but as a designer I faulter and wander . In development
I feel satsified at the learning I've done. But with design I find very little satisfaction.

So I plee to you to take more satisfaction in the process not the design itself.

Attachment/Tunnel Vision.

Satisfaction is inexaroably linked to attachment. The more attached we become to a design or the way were currently
approaching something the more we are uable to break things. To take pleasure in the process. One thing that you need to
realize is that a design needs to broken and re-tired over and over. One thing I see allot on places like forrst and dribbble
is the tendency of some very skilled (graphically) designerrs creating beautful shiny things and then smashing and cortorting
a design into this finished graphic.

These graphic driven designs will not come together the will mess apart and drift away as you go on.

Be Fluid.

“In walking, just walk. In sitting, just sit. Above all, don’t wobble" "

I got my start in 3D work and without sound arrogant I can probably make things as as shiny as any designer/artist out there.
I know how to light and shade things to realism, but that is not the way design works, its not visual effects. It was only a
few months ago that I started to approach things better and use a fluid as possible process. I progressively build things up
first with doodles, then typography + layout, then to color and finally I start to texture and build up shine.

If the heart of your design is broken it won't beat with life, you'll just be plished tin man.

Build attachment to the process and you wont suffer.

## What is the zone.

Deifning the zone is diffuclt.

Could it be that the zone is effective because it disconnects of form the ebaruacy of our brains and mkaes use get lost in
the process. When we are in the zone we find satisfaciton the process.

## At the end.

To take satifsaction ina differnet osrt of acocmplishment the journey itself. Becuase in the end design will get better
better and better an no matter how hard you try your not going. If you thing about were bvery delusional . I cant thikk of
single time I've found satisfaciton in a design itself to be the most satisfying thing. Its what the design brings that I
find truly exciting its a means to an end.

We've so many choices

Is it as some say an endless drive for perfection?

This approach to things results in a distortion field that makes every skilled creative appear to others like a skilled
guru.It might appear that these men of renown came upon their talent by being . But I can tell you this their faults run as
deep as {insert creative analogy}

I've decided to stop planning to finish writings & instead just share the WIP. Its like a digital notebook:
http://notebook.designbreakdown.com

Did you know that in Star Trak the writers would just put things like use the tech to foil bad guys tech, using the
irpcinicple of ____. Later fillig it in after consulting with experts on how they could peusdocsicentifaclly accomplish the
desired plot goals. That what I would call Dues Ex Tech. Just a bit a of geekiness for ya.

As a side-note I'm keenly aware of the differences between these types of mental activitys. I'm extrmeely talenet when it
comes to calculatory based things. I was at one time a Draughts prodigy and was at one time the strongest player in the world
at anti-checkers. What I've found interesting is that I've at least of late a great deal of interest in games which are
extremely different.

As a further side-note it is a common misconception that Draughts is easy, it is a very difficult game. Ironically games like
Draughts are far more "critical" than other games and beginners are literally mopped off the floor by stronger players.
Unlike chess which is actually extremely easy to get decent at. I could hold my own in chess against IMs and GMs in
astronomically shorter time frame than it took me to achieve the same in Draughts.

## Credits

Credit for many of these ideas goes to Jonaht Rowsn and his excellent book the Seven Deadly Chess Sins.

