Forrst is a community a for designers and developers. its primarily architectured around the basic idea that developers and
designers are best understood by corresponding members of the same sub-speices of humanity, genus graphic-structoritus and
genus logicitus-codeis respectively. In 24 words or less, its "A vibrant community of developers and designers where you're
able to get better at what you do by helping others do the same." .

I've quite enjoyed my time in this community for the slightly insane about pretty things and programmed things. How I got to

Note: Some of the details in the following story have been slightly embellished and or exaggerated to help the author cope
with his histrionic personality disorder. It was suggested by his psychiatrist as an exercise to cope with the mental
problems resulting from losing his acorns. It should be noted that writing about himself in the third person was never
specifically mentioned, but he thought creativity in the assignment would help him leave meadow groves sooner, or at least
get the chance to visit a hillick.

Thank you and please enjoy the following memoir.

I wouldn't call my story Disney like per saya, but its definitely fairy tale-ish. My story begins in a really fucking far
away land called Idaho, in a time not too long ago. I remember it like it was Mar 11 2010, I had just finished my morning
breakfast and logged onto Twitter where I discovered a Tweet from a person about a place called Forrst. Fighting my spelling
Nazitacial urgers to correct him, I quickly turned Google and begin typing in tranny + midget + donkey... I mean Forrst. A
long lasting 45 minutes later and after some quick research I discovered the purpose of this place called Forrst. Now I'll
admit at first I was skeptical as my previous attempts at discussing web-development in wooded areas didn't turn out too
well.

I had previously tried discussing mongodb with a homeless man called Jacob at the park but he kept going on about how he was
the messiah. I knew for certain he was not the messiah, because previously I had seen the messiah in Passion of The Christ
and I knew him to be none other than James Cavizeil. Nonetheless, our conversations were informative and during my days
interacting with him I learned a great deal about myself and about dental hygiene.

Jacob now seems to have disappeared from the park he once inhabited. I've asked around about Jacob but most seem to be under
the belief that he never occupied the park. I now realize how similar Jacob truly was to God -- his prescience has slowly
disappeared and left me feeling confused and questioning my sanity for having believed in his existence. Jacob, why have thou
forsaken the park? Jacob!

Now enough about this Jacob fellow.

It wasn't long before I found myself spending 5 sometimes sometimes 10 minutes of every 10 minutes reading forrst posts. Most
of my early days were spent stalking developers and designers in an attempt to learn their Ninja secrets. While I failed to
learn any Ninja secrets (Mike & kennethlove guard them well) I was able to pickup quite a significant amount of development
knowledge.

1. I've always begun to wonder if in the future Lost chracters will become mythogical chracters rmebered and revered as Gods?
Will Lost one day be dug up and watched by the primitive remnants of humanity?

2. When I say primitive I'm referring to a civilization similar in strcutre to that which was found in the epic book
"Time-machine" so aptly titled because of the time machine prominently featured in the story line. I personally would have
titled the book "Pocohaotas in 5000 AD".

3. Dates do not accurately reflect proper wikipedia research.

4. Nazitacal refers to Nazism doane in a zealotry and hyptohteical or hypocritical manner.

