If find it incredibly disconcerting how infectious judeo-christian thinking has been on a religious thought processes.

By even asking such a question one has already made some serious assumptions about this God person.

First and foremost:

1. This God figure is conscious of human affairs in a similar manner to the way humans perceive the universe.

I've always found it quite odd how judeo-christians believe in a ompotent, omscience God on one hand and on the other in a
God that grants prayers. Lets assume for the moment that God is roughly similar to humans and the only primary difference is
his supernatural powers. Assuming remotely anything resembling human consciousness, then this God is not going to be capable
of properly understanding or even processing all the information available to him. This picture of God actually makes quite a
bit of sense if one reads the bible. A human sort of conciousness would certainly adequately explain the Jewish God's fickle
and frankly, often insane behavior. Youd probably act similary to the God of the bible if you had the ability to observe,
hear, touch, feel etc anything at any point in both time and space.

Personally I find the these two opposing views of God to be contradictory. If God is omni his consciousness probably
resembles us about as much as our consciousness resembles a rock. In all likelihood this sort of God person would be so
dissimilar to us that speculating as to why does something or bothering with things such as prayer to influence him is simply
futile behavior.

So lets assume for the sake of argument that God is truly in the same image us and continue onward.

2. That we are important enough.

We've been incredibly delusional about our importance.

I don't consider an Atheist, Angostic, Deist, Theist or any of these stupid labels, I'm just faithless. I do not take things
on faith. Religion has irrevocably destroyed even our very language and thought processes. The very word God has taken on so
many unnatural definitions its sickening. There is quite a great deal of evidence both for intelligent influence on
biological life on earth and on some fundamental operations of the universe.

I'm not paranoid of a big fucking boogie man in the sky who will cast me into hell if don't beleive him. It seems to me that
far too many Atheists and Agnostics think that if this God fellow from the bible existed that they have to suddenly give a
fuck.

I've read this God's fellow material and I'm not impressed, if he does exist he can do to me what he likes; but nothing he
ever does to strike fear into me will ever make me follow the sick and depraved acts depicted in his book. I find the
submissive view some non-religionists have to be terrifying. He is bigger, badder, and can throw me into a pit of fire and
yes that would really suck; but I ask you this if someone came to your house and threatened you with torture unless your
murdered family and friends would you comply? I hope note.

Personally I don't know how heavenly this heaven will be with the kind of people God has following him.

Judeo-christianity brought us a sickness so utterly depraved it makes me shiver to think one billion people follow this
murderous fuck. The day we started thinking tests to see if a father would human sacrifice his son were apporpiate was the
day human morlaity started to die.

These people talk about the sickness of Japan they should take a look in the fucking mirror.

Reading the bible though

To assume this God Assuming God exists what's to lead us to believe The idea that this God creature
